who who in their right mind would say oh
but bonny Rebecca she's so beautiful
it's okay like she's above the law like
it doesn't matter that she eats fish and
eats eggs and makes excuses for it that
makes excuses that are incoherent and
nonsensical and unethical and even the
internally contradictory they really do
not make sense but oh but she's
good-looking so it's okay and I don't I
haven't had one person write in and
saying that they think she's she's
intelligent I mean you know they call
her bonny Rebecca they do not call her
brainy Rebecca she and she chose the
name you know she chose the name she
called her channel that all right she
didn't call it active research and
informed Rebecca okay she she didn't go
it's not her real name
body okay so Melissa thought bonny was
her first name you're okay so bonnie is
an adjective can we can we agree on this
no you're not aware of this God you
people I try tomorrow Jesus
Bonnie is Scottish English for beautiful
or attractive Bonnie Prince Charlie it's
used for men - ladies and gentlemen if
you live in the greater Detroit area
this this is as good as it gets this is
as good as you can do dating dating
girls from Detroit let me tell you okay
Barney is an adjective that means
beautiful it is stereotypical Scottish
brogue but it's part of the mainstream
right yeah that's what most people don't
say it you sound folksy you sound a bit
silly saying Bonnie but you still see it
in so you didn't realize yeah that's why
her whole web presence has been based on
two things one her presentation of
herself as attractive or beautiful which
includes her vag like we've we've had
we've already featured shots of her from
Instagram with the vag out you know her
for the boys she's selling what she came
on cameras Ellen was the original freely
package right which is one part ecology
one
vegan ethics in a healthy serving of vag
I mean it's vag on camera so she's got
it's been all about her aesthetics and
her personal beauty right and then what
you know what is she selling now like
what is it now that she's abandoned that
ethical and ecological message you know
freely the nutcase freely doesn't have a
lot to offer and you know obviously
freely has lost her looks but freely
still sincere in her at least a Rekha
logical method message you know shout
out to freely bonny Rebecca remained on
Team durianrider even when durianrider
turned against her and attacked her
which she did just for views he did at
one point when he was just trying to
stir up controversy he started attacking
when there was there was nothing going
on it was just sometimes he just did
drama for the sake of drama Oh body
Rebecca
how can you such a sweet young girl you
know so she ate yourself with them and
stuff like that and it just really
frustrates me I just wanted to put this
out here out there to help you guys
understand why I pull Holi and freely
and why I'm attending their event and
why I hang out with them I think they're
both awesome people but maybe I'm a
little biased I don't know after all
they all the reason that I'm vegan and
they're the reason that I'm on YouTube
and that's me is a huge huge thing yep
she was yes and and she succeeded bonny
Rebecca was the next freely she she
monetized her body I'm again like look
you know even someone like Kim
Kardashian her life was a struggle I
mean Kim Kardashian are even married and
divorced repeatedly before she got
famous and she made a pornographic sex
tape and signed the paperwork to her
place to to release it before she got
them Kim Kardashian and years and years
of hanging around and being like a minor
person in the background of a photograph
of Paris Hilton before she got famous
and it's broadly agreed that Kim
Kardashian was some kind of tremendous
natural beauty
including people who knew her before she
had plastic surgery should o to Nick
Cannon first of all I want to address
Nick Cannon like I understand that used
to date my wife
you know you get an interview don't
mention my wife even for her life was a
struggle so me look I don't think beauty
justifies any of it I mean let's not
like I don't think being beautiful
justifies leading a brainless immoral
existence I don't think it justifies
leading an unexamined life and you know
obviously it doesn't justify eating fish
and eggs and trying to monetize that I
mean is that the lifestyle you're now
trying to monetize and if so I mean to
me like I mean all this stuff so these
people please whether they're vegans or
not they come out here and it's it's
phony virtue what what do you what do
you really got to sell
quote-unquote ethical humane conditions
yeah let's imagine ourselves in the
position of these hands
please stop misleading your followers
you've done what you feel is best for
your health and you were never vegan
just stop making a joke of a justice
movement for the victims please say this
real briefly what is veganism okay I
read the autobiography of a scholar in
Myanmar and this scholar was part of the
British Empire and he was a Christian
missionary and he certainly remembered
as one of the evil villains of history
at that time the British Empire had a
boa slavery and the American Empire had
not he's out there literally in the
jungle back then the jungle was really
the jungle now who the days before the
jungle was good now he's out there in
the middle of the jungle and he gets a
package from the southern United States
somewhere like Georgia beautiful hand
woven baskets and letter and oh you know
we read about your work as a Christian
missionary we want to show you we
support you when we you know and from
the middle of the jungle in Myanmar he
scraped the money together and he
shipped it back to Georgia with a letter
saying I do not accept baskets created
by slave labor okay
that's what veganism is okay he's
completely powerless to stop slavery
it's completely symbolic it's standing
up and saying I will not be a part of
this I am going to exclude myself from
this immoral and terrible thing you're
not freeing a single slave you know
you're not emancipating anyone you know
and in this case you're not even sparing
the slaves a day's work making these
baskets you can't undo the baskets you
can't if I have a leather coat in my in
my closet I don't thank you I'm not
gonna wear a secondhand leather coat I'm
gonna stand up and say I refuse to be
part of slavery
I refuse to be part of this exploitation
of animals and
that's all it is it's a demonstration of
my refusal now can it be more yes look
at PCRM look at organizations that are
going out and actually making a positive
difference but for the most part it is
just an ethical refusal to compromise
with something you know to be wrong so
yeah right but that's back when she was
brainy Rebecca and now she's doing that
was that was Season one Barney Rebecca
okay you know come on we're due season 5
season 6 Oh
I've written I've written to several
other youtubers asking them to take on
the critique of what unnatural vegan a
disable this because it was shockingly
stupid and awful unnatural vegan made
every excuse possible for Bunny Rebecca
but this excuse marathon was not good
enough to satisfy old Bonnie old brainy
so she writes back I know I am late to
seeing this but I have to say it really
frustrates me you know it's a little
more passionate it really frustrates me
because it seems like you didn't even
watch my video I don't know why I said
that I only listened to natural pass or
quote unquote natural doctors yes that
comment was a viral video I said at that
stage I said that is at stage but I saw
many normal doctors throughout this
process and my last doctor I went to was
a real doctor a gastroenterologist have
a specialist he is the one that
implemented this diet change I have
tried to eat a low fiber vegan diet mock
meats give me a lot of digestive pain
whenever I have them and I obviously
tried tofu do you really think that I
haven't thought of that it's not just
fiber like I said in my video legumes
wheat and soy all seem to provoke my
symptoms this process has been so
incredibly long you really have no idea
what we went through and how hard we
tried to make this work on a big dance
it was not a dermatologist that give him
Ebonics it was a specialist and he did
have a topical cream as well
seriously moister czar your best
solution okay on that we agree bunny
brainy Rebecca trust me you can do a
book review channel you can step it up
Bonnie really I said I see a bright
future for you as brainy Rebecca just
rebrand you're not gonna do the vegan
thing anymore we understand ah boy stirs
are you bet
moist is your best solution I agree the
oyster thing it's a joke and I don't
even know how many people there get the
the portion was ridiculous so seriously
boy stirs are your best illusion
I like 812 times in that video unnatural
vegan suggests oysters as if that it's
the same fundamental problem with the
fish and eggs thing okay so you you have
this food allergy or whatever is here
this health problem how does adding
cholesterol to your diet I mean unless
you really believe cholesterol is the
cure for acne unless you really believe
cholesterol is the cure for any it's
insane all right I may have started on a
high fruit low-fat diet but that changed
a long time ago I have been eating a
balanced vegan diet for a long time now
lastly I don't know why you think you
can diagnose people through a screen you
aren't qualified nor is your place even
if you were in terms of ethic apostrophe
s ethics hilariously misspelled Barney
Rebecca can't even spell ethics
literally literally could not spell the
word ethics okay in terms of ethics I
said I'm okay with what I'm eating
because at the end of the day I put my
own health above fish that's really all
I can say about that I am trying to only
do what is necessary to you and I have
tried to live as cruelty-free as
possible in the rest of my life
[Music]
I'm so confused you say you are
sensitive to salicylates pardon me my
Latin is a bit rusty salicylates okay
you say you were sensitive to
salicylates
but you are eating tomato sauce question
mark makes no difference if it is an
organic tomato etc it is still she also
didn't cut up actual Tomatoes so I mean
the point is she's been engaging and I
think what could be fairly called baffle
gab or it's just like saying enough to
kind of keep the audience guessing and
off off balance but like you know none
of these excuses adoption look oh and if
your problem is that you eat too many
tomatoes well that sure is a reason to
start killing and eating animals like
what oh yeah that's gonna you know the
cure for tomatoes is fish one doesn't
really correlate to the other so a lot
of people made this comment on her video
quote it still looks like she eats a ton
of fiber if that was supposedly the
problem it doesn't matter if you throw
in a couple of eggs she's still eating
so much fiber I'm just confused about
how this supposedly worked so well over
yeah right
so same message is slightly different
wording you want him to baby I got me
yeah she was eating like it looked like
a cup worth of almond butter avocado and
those countries but you know that the
amount of room a hen has is not the only
factor or determining their quality of
life right and that no matter how the
hens live male chicks will be killed as
they are seen as a useless by-product
question mark I get that you think eggs
are a necessary component of your diet
and you want to get them as ethical as
possible but don't miss inform your
viewers by saying that there's nothing
wrong with the product that's just not
okay this isn't meant as hate but as
constructive criticism yeah
and she was miss informing the audience
about eggs because she was saying like I
know in the past I said eggs were bad
for you because they have saturated fat
and cholesterol but you know when I went
to the doctors they actually said that
my cholesterol was too low so look you
know what if what if she just came home
said you what if she just came and said
you know what in the past I had a brain
but now I don't anymore like so I'm
changing my name from brainy Rebecca
into Bonnie Rebecca you know there was
never any point in the past where this
woman was intelligent or shared anything
of substance or meaning on the Internet
never never we can't do a
before-and-after where was like the good
old days back when Bonnie Rebecca was
doing collabs with Hania mania mama
french toast is there wood tables I
don't use my phone what you want to do
[Music]
that was garbage also right I mean she's
always been a person of absolutely zero
substance absolutely zero moral fiber
absolute zero ethical integrity which in
a bizarre way even includes my conflict
with durianrider and all those things
that went down in Chiangmai and
everything that was wrong with
durianrider and freely claiming that you
could cure Crohn's disease and cure
schizophrenia and all this insane
claiming claiming that uh you know
garlic is a neurotoxin just all that
crap she never took a stand on anything
she probably was one of the people
stupid enough to stand there and agree
that garlic is a neurotoxin and you know
not even known to figure out of that so
that's that's where right now but I mean
that's why my earliest video on this
said she never has been beautiful she
never has been intelligent she never has
that slim positive to contribute to the
vegan movement so her leaving is just
deleting something negative from the
vegan moment she will be remembered for
her absence I suppose so someone wrote
in and commented they are not vegan
themselves and that so therefore they
are not trying to defend veganism at all
and they continue I also understand that
you had serious food related health
problems I am not commenting to discuss
this fact but I don't understand one
thing
how is having two eggs at lunch and some
fish here and there going to fix your
problems there's a non-vegan commenting
someone who's not ethically unworthy if
the food you had for dinner is okay with
you why don't you have for lunch too I'm
asking this because I believe that it
really was difficult for you to give up
veganism so confused how you can go from
being ethical vegan to then talking
about your eggs being quote-unquote
really ethical and humane I just don't
understand because there is no part of
the egg industry that is ethical or
humane I'm not judging your choice to go
back to animal products that's a
different story but like don't lie oh I
see but like don't lie okay got it there
were some comas missing there I just
don't get how you can now go around
believing things they're ethical when
they definitely never have been and
never will be
ladies Gilman brainy Rebecca she should
rebrand her whole Channel hey guys
welcome to brainy Rebecca
first of all freely I started watching
freely when I just before I was vegan
tim was kind of like you know trying to
convince me or trying to just educate me
on veganism and he showed me freelee's
videos and straightaway I was like wow
you mean I don't have to starve myself
and I can look like her like of course
that's like most people's reaction too
which is why she's so effective because
unfortunately people and they care about
their aesthetics unfortunately
their aesthetics couldn't research her
way out of a paper bag and she can't
research your way out of an acne
breakout that's for God now sure man
it's never gonna happen it's never gonna
happen people stay stupid because they
want to be stupid because they find it
rewarding and they like the attention
they enjoy their lust she could she's
not disabled she could smarten up she
could she could read Aristotle no no
Aristotle's written in plain English
she could learn ancient Greek I have no
doubt sir I have reason to know ancient
Greek is not that our language learn
it's really not she could learn ancient
Greek she could learn Latin don't don't
know if she could do Chinese but look
she could do almost anything if she set
her mind to it she's not she's not
setting her mind to it and that's the
sense in which for a lot of these people
stupidity living I examine life living a
stupid life
he is really even an ethical question
it's a choice being stupid is a choice
staying stupid is a choice and she's 26
years old guys I'm not into making
excuses for 26 year old okay ethical
eggs question mark what happens to the
male chicken's question mark they get
put into a machine and they get ground
up alive
sorry not ethical the ethical part with
laying hens it's not just how much space
they have the main problem is genetics
around 80% of four to six year old hens
develop cancer because of the
reproductive system the representative
system can't take laying that many eggs
I don't care about what crazy diets
anyone follows for the sake of quote
unquote health and I usually don't judge
omnivores because veganism is a
restrictive diet after all and does not
realistic to expect everyone to strive
for perfection however all caps and that
is a big however eating fish three to
four times a week is super unsustainable
environmentally speaking except for beef
fish might be ecologically the most
reckless choice of food here here yeah
the difference between knowing and
caring she knows all this we all know
that she knows this and she don't care
you still pay for mail checks to be
ground up alive and for spent hens to be
sent to the slaughter I know that you
know that but you're trying to convince
yourself of the humane myth that is
marketed to you how convenient
exclamation point positive comments
matter to you uh she says this all the
time but within writing and on camera
positive comments matter to you and you
consider them but when someone doesn't
agree with you then you don't care what
their opinion is Bonnie once you're a
vegan for the animals you will
or be able to eat animals again it's
literally as simple as that
that's what people are trying to say
when they tell you that you were
plant-based and not vegan period it's
true period I'm not saying it in a mean
way I'm saying it because no matter what
once you see what they go through once
you see what the animals go through you
cannot cook them and eat them if you are
able to do that now
that means you were not vegan you were
plant-based it's it's true they said oh
she's made a big deal out of sort of
thinking at home thank you all for your
positive cars you know I've never never
thanked the audience to the positivity
what would be the point Oh guys I really
I really thrive on flattery who wants to
see that it's a very strange thing I
mean you know like musicians come out
and bow and thank the audience you know
different art forms at different
conventions but I mean you know you know
do you ever see a newspaper article open
with well thank you guys for writing in
and sharing on your positivity that
really means a lot to me okay so this
week talking about you know corruption
inside the Trump administration it's a
really strange slippery trivialization
okay my brother is a vegan doctor I made
him watch your video exclamation point
I'm a psychologist in vegan this okay so
here's here's a more conciliatory one
this is your life journey and only your
opinion should matter to you only you
can change your mind listen to your
subconscious mind do what makes you
happy
even if others are telling you what's
wrong sure you can still be a healthy
vegan with your health issues which is
interesting because I'm going through
something very similar but only you can
control yourself keep that spark in your
eyes love
so that's it you're you're good-looking
so you're above good and evil I guess
but you know mice's a broader problem I
don't think you can say that you're
vegan if you don't believe other people
also ought to be vegan okay how can you
support any ethical position if you
actually think universally that for
everyone only their own opinion should
matter like not facts not social laws
and norms like not the impacts on other
people not the impacts in the
environment not the consequence like
it's actually a really dark
philosophical position this this was in
Plato dialogue of Socrates versus
Thrasymachus but I mean this is this has
been debated since ancient times and
yeah it's always been pretty pretty
laughably simple debate since the age of
ten no there are things there are things
that matter other than your own opinion
I would hate to tell Bonnie the truth
about the fish industry but someone has
to I did competitive fishing for a
number of years before going vegan
there's no nice way to put it but when a
fish is caught via a hook it fights for
a reason that is because it is in pain
fish can feel fear I've caught enough
fish to know what fear looks like many
fish on commercial boats are unethically
killed usually by asphyxiation and half
the time they're not killed properly
when people attempt to do it using a
knife or an itchy spike then you have to
talk about the amount of plastic then
ends up the ocean from nets etc etc if
you think fish is the ethical meat I
don't know what to tell you but at some
point in your long and storied history
of being an advocate for veganism you
missed the memo ethical meet
contradiction in terms
is it a bad thing to have high standards
is it really a bad thing we're doing a
series of videos here talking about
jealousy and Melissa said to me I
referred to a a female friend of mine as
some really attractive and Melissa was
momentarily furious and said to me you
say Barney Rebecca is ugly you say this
will attract this you must be gorgeous
and she wants okay so there you go is it
is it bad is it bad to have to have high
standards um is it virtuous to have to
have low standards you know obviously
this comes up a lot more on the
intellectual than the physical seer but
you know like what I look back in my
life would I be a better person
if I were easily impressed easily
impressed by human beauty easily
impressed
like okay what if when I first read Karl
Marx the Communist Manifesto what if I
was just blown away I wasn't it was not
an impressive but whatever when I first
read the Bible if I was just blown away
when I first read the Koran I do not
think it's a redeeming quality for human
beings to be easily impressed